# My Very First App!
This is my very first attempt at an app, and I don't think it's perfect. The purpose of this app is to show users video game recommendations based on their interests. I have provided a folder in this repository that shows my rough draft and my final look of the app. 

#  How It's Made
For the backend of the app, I used Python, while for the frontend, I used dart, which is provided by flutter. For the backend, I had to figure out how I was going to import all the video games (well not all) into the app, so I used and found a .csv file that contained the majority of the video games from steam and used a free API key that contained the corresponding images for the video games, although I could have extracted all the video games from the API key which might have been a better solution. For the frontend, I used the Flutter app building system, where they mainly use Dart. This part was the most challenging, considering that I had no understanding of the language, connecting the backend, or how to make the UI aesthetically pleasing. I mainly relied on YouTube and Stack Overflow, among a billion sites, to help me grasp what I needed to do. To connect the frontend and the backend, I simply created an api_service.dart file containing the ApiService class, which uses the base URL "http://127.0.0.1:5000". 

# Lessons Learned
Considering that this is my very first app, I would say I still have a long road ahead of me in understanding app development. Overall, I learned how to code a backend and a frontend using Python and Dart, how to connect the two, and how to utilize the api key to extract large data into the backend. 
